Update helm upgrade instructions (#10047)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/upgrade/helm/index.md

To get started, check out https://istio.io/latest/docs/setup/getting-started/
{{< /text >}}

{{< warning >}}

> [Helm does not upgrade or delete CRDs](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/custom_resource_definitions/#some-caveats-and-explanations) when performing an upgrade. Because of this restriction, an additional step is required when upgrading Istio with Helm using kubectl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Helm does not upgrade or delete CRDs](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/custom_resource_definitions/#some-caveats-and-explanations) when performing an upgrade. Because of this restriction, an additional step is required when upgrading Istio with Helm.
```

{{< boilerplate helm-backup >}}

### Upgrading Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs)

{{< warning >}}
[Helm does not upgrade or delete CRDs](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/custom_resource_definitions/#some-caveats-and-explanations) when performing an upgrade. Because of this restriction, an additional step is required when upgrading Istio with Helm.
{{< /warning >}}

Istio ships CRDs with its helm charts; they are not templated and are found in the base chart under

> the `crds` folder. Upgrading Istio with Helm requires a change in workflow due to the required updating of CRDs for proper functionality.

Reviewer: There's no action in this section.

These two sentences still say the same thing as each other.
How about removing the second one, and making this one sentence without a warning?

Alternatively, how about moving the warning up to the "Upgrade steps" section and removing this section entirely?

Author: I went with the latter.

{{< boilerplate helm-backup >}}

### Upgrading Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs)

{{< warning >}}
Helm does not [upgrade or delete](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/custom_resource_definitions/#some-caveats-and-explanations)

> CRDs when performing an upgrade. Given this restriction, additional measures are required to ensure that

Reviewer 2: c/measures/steps

> Helm does not [upgrade or delete](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/custom_resource_definitions/#some-caveats-and-explanations)
> CRDs when performing an upgrade. Given this restriction, additional measures are required to ensure that
> Istio is up to date when performing an upgrade.
> {{< /warning >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Helm does not upgrade or delete CRDs](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/custom_resource_definitions/#some-caveats-and-explanations) when performing an upgrade. Because of this restriction, an additional step is required when upgrading Istio with Helm.
{{< /warning >}}
```

Istio ships CRDs with its helm charts; they are not templated and are found in the base chart under

> a `crds` folder. However, upgrading Istio with Helm requires a change in workflow different from other
> charts due to the required CRDs be updated for proper functionality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the `crds` folder. Upgrading Istio with Helm requires a change in workflow due to the required updating of CRDs for proper functionality.
```

Reviewer: This feels like too much information; what more is there to say other than what was in the warning?

> Please examine the following sections closely as they've been recently been altered.

Reviewer 2: Should this also be inside a warning? Maybe move into the warning above. Not sure if that reduces its visibility or not.

Reviewer: It would also have to say in which version it was relevant for.

Author: There's really no good way to inform users of this change. I'm going to remove this sentence. People that are installing with Helm are hopefully looking back at this document periodically, but there's no way to signal to them that an additional step is necessary when upgrading.

gateways is [actively in development](/docs/setup/upgrade/gateways/) and is considered `experimental`.
{{< /warning >}}

> 1. Use kubectl to apply the latest CRDs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Upgrade the Kubernetes custom resource definitions ({{< gloss >}}CRDs{{</ gloss >}}):
```

preserve your custom configuration during Helm upgrades.
{{< /warning >}}

> 1. Use kubectl to apply the latest CRDs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Upgrade the Kubernetes custom resource definitions ({{< gloss >}}CRDs{{</ gloss >}}):
```

(Do we use the glossary on subsequent appearances?)
